Splash
Woo Hoo
no
still no
even more fuck
nope
oh hayl no you dying
bruh naaah
ooh look, eclipse
yeah, dont die tho fam
lets all fall and d̵͖̫͈̘̳̳̙̜̭̲̒̀̈́̐̑̎̉̂̚͘͝i̸̞̳̎͛̅̾̓͗ȩ̶̨̫͈̫̦̘͆̀̓͛̍͋͘
c̷̞͍̩̹̝̱̱̥̩̗͈̥̗̭̓͑̒̒̍ͅo̵̡̨̧̹̟̜̯̭̤̻̥̫͚͖͋͝n̵̛̬͕͛̂̾͋͐̑̊̀̎̀̕͠t̸̥̱͚̲̮͆͒̔̉̎̃̈̀͊͊̔̿̓͜͜͝ī̸̛̞̱͙̂̅̉̀̐̿̍͛͋̕͜͝n̸̟͈͕͗̒̃̓͐̈́̉̀̀́̊͗̓̒̕ư̴̗̲̤̓͛͂̾̋̈́͐̉̽͗̏̀̕̚e̶̳̪̺͙̪̞͑͗̑̄͆͐̈́̕̚ ̸͍̪̃̎̉̑́̊̆̂͠͠ḑ̷͔͎͖͉̤͍͈̩͎̳̄̿̊̒͛y̶̝̥̝̖̺̖̠̜̺̤͆̀́̔̾̔͋̈́̈́̉̑̕͘į̴̳͙̳͈̜̳̦̘̹̫̰̌̓̏̌̈́̉̒̇͝͠ņ̶͂̀̓̈́͆̍͆̂͠ģ̶͎͉̱̘̹̟͈̫͚͔̠͉̉̊͑
oh shit, whats that in the back?
screw this
screw this part 2
lower and faster father
blow me over please
uh, uh, uh, not today
im so bored
use disappear
use reappear
Im starving you tonight
you will staaaaaaaarve
long hair, high waves
kickin it
with you
cmon
im so bored end me
shit, its sliding
free tsunami
surfers welcome
were leanin bois
the hell
grow harder for me daddy
longer daddy